Whenever we are designing something or planning something even we are building a new house.
We actually draw some diagrams and models of that house and explain and how all the rooms will be planned.
Then once that room has been planned we go into details what we will be play if we will be placing in
each room we will be blessing so forward here.
That tap will be over here and the TV station will be over here.
Things like that.
So in user expense design similarly we have two types of model simple models where we are going to view
from a bird's eye view and they are not very detailed.
Then we have detailed models.
So in this lesson we are going to see some of the diagrams or models we are going to look at during
our process.
So let's go ahead now.
There are simple models that use Express design.
Few are like system models how your whole system is going to work then user journey maps what are different
touch points where our users are actually connecting with our product.
User stories there will be long stories a visual story of your user using your whole product or there
will be short single line stories about the usage of your app now then we are going to move into more
detailed models like user scenarios where we have very long scenarios are users using your app in his
room or things like that.
Then we have task interaction models.
So there will be tasks our users will be performing dogs tasks and we are going to show all the interactions
during that task.
So there could be like ten different tasks on maybe 20 different tasks a user can do.
So we have to make each task the model for each task so it is in more detail than we have use case diagrams
how our users are actually going to interact with the system and how the system is going to reply back
and things like that.
Now along this whole journey of creating user expense diagram and models there are two things you need
to keep in mind.
One thing is feature roadmap.
We already decided that we are not going to develop these features or we might develop these features
in the next six months.
So you need to create a roadmap diagram of your product.
So in the first three months we are going to launch these three essential features.
Then in the next one we are going to launch these four features and similarly move on to the next.
It will be based on what we did in feature matrix which features unnecessary and essential for your
users.
So design principles and guidelines is a bit different story.
It is actually the boundary of your design and the direction of your design.
You want your app to be conservative or you want your app to be used by just professionals or you wanted
to be invited by other designers and white only app things like that.
There must be some principles that are going to guide your design that we want it to be intuitive and
we want it to be inviting and things like that.
They are not really related to what features that you are going to develop but they are actually the
guides that in which direction that design will go.
Now let us start with our first model which is system model in the next lesson.
Let's move on to the next lesson.